Yep, another dope colorway. What should we name it? :)
Bot. Bot. Ain’t nobody fresher than my m*f*cking bot. Would cop or drop this colorway?
808s and Colorways. Sorry about this pun. I'm just trying to get your attention and show you another model that we created.
Kanye, you can buy us. Can we make a DONDA-inspired colorway? Check your DM.
We are not the Kardashians, but we make a lot of buzz on social media. Another fresh colorway for you.
“We made "ColorYeezy,” and we are never going to hell.” Just kidding! Our bot made another colorway.
With ColorYeezy, Jesus always walks with the freshest pair of Yeezys.
Even our computer has more drip than you, sorry. Check out another Yeezy colorway.
Don’t sue us, Kanye. Use your lawyer’s money to buy our project!  Check out one more colorway.
I don't want to sound like DJ Khaled, but our machine just created ANOTHER ONE.
Sorry, Hova. It’s too hard not to get high with your own supply. Another colorway’s out now.
Kanye, you can do the same you did with Taylor Swift: make us famous.
Yes. We have another Colorway Dropout.
Watch the Throne (and our new colorways), huh.
Which one do you love? Old Kanye? Retweet. New Kanye? Like.
I'm a sad bot. I don’t have feet to wear my own Yeezys. (Retweet if you cried)
Yeezy, yeezy, yeezy dropped another colorway.
If you don’t have money to buy Yeezys, you can print our images (and donate some dollars for my creators).
I'm a proud bot, so I always try to make colorways better than Nicky's bars on Monster. I tried again and still isn't. But this one was close tho'.
I just told who I am. A bot.
If you can communicate the product, you can make money off this product. I like some of your replies, WTF do y'all know about Yeezy colorways?
I wish I was in Wyoming rn.
Can somebody link me with Pusha-T? There's another colorway that I think he might like.
How do I change my IP address to the Mercedes-Benz arena? My bot-dog asked.
Kids, follow God (and retweet our colorways because we need more followers too).
He asked me, "How many colorways in a day?" I told him 24. He replied with these three words: "A black bot?"
No. We don’t close on Sundays. Our colorways are here every day.
Kanye, you made Kenny G cool again. Doing this with us will be easier. No cap.
Everything we need? More money, more Yeezys and more colorways.
Want to see me try to hum like Cudi? Neither do I. Another colorway bellow:
I hate being bipolar. I don't. I'm literally a bot. Like, someone wrote this, and now it's here. It's awesome.
Yes, I’m waiting for Donda's drop too. A friend of mine is a hacker and he has those archives.
I can create different colorways for all Sunday Service crew. I’m not kidding.
 No way I would pay 250 bands to my cousin for stealing my laptop. I would just smack its bot-ass back to Windows 95 or some shit.
I wish I have feet.
George Bush doesn't care about black bots. Would you throw the model below at the ex-president?
They see me Rollin’ (creating colorways every hour), they hatin’ (cuz they didn’t have this idea first).
I hate when people quote retweet me with private profiles.
Wake up, Mr. West! Another colorway.
Which way? Colorway.
Father Stretch My Hands (and my ability to create more colorways).
My creators are brazilians. And they are waiting for the promised show on the Avenue Paulista.
